AS A social media startup
I WANT an API for my social network that uses a NoSQL database
SO THAT my website can handle large amounts of unstructured data



GIVEN a social network API

WHEN I enter the command to invoke the application (npm start)
THEN my server is started and the Mongoose models are synced to the MongoDB database
WHEN I open API GET routes in Insomnia for USERS and THOUGHTS
THEN the data for each of these routes is displayed in a formatted JSON



WHEN I test API POST, PUT, and DELETE routes in Insomnia
THEN I am able to successfully create, update, and delete USERS and THOUGHTS in my database

WHEN I test API POST and DELETE routes in Insomnia
THEN I am able to successfully create and delete reactions to thoughts and add and remove friends to a user’s friend list




1. Main two routes : 
  a. http://localhost:3001/api/users
  b. http://localhost:3001/api/thoughts

2. Crud operations 
  a. GET : users and thoughts from db
  b. POST (create), PUT (update), DELETE (remove) : users and thoughts in/from db
  c. POST (create) and DELETE (remove) : reactions to thoughts
  c. POST (create) and DELETE (remove) : add and remove friends from friend list 



Questions for tutor :: 
1. What's the best way to go about creating a API. 
  b. Where should I start??? config? index.js? routes? models? 
2. How should I go about building an API? 
  a. Where should I start? config & index? 
  b. Should I do routes, models, or controllers first? 
3. How do I create seed data? 




Project TODO :: 

1. Thoughts and friends only showing as an empty array 

1. need help setting up UPDATE controllers
  a. user -  update
  b. thought -  update 

2. I need help with setting up the virtual for my userSchema
  a. virtual was built but was "unable to read .length of undefined"

3. validate & match userSchema for email

4.I need to create routes for this path - /api/thoughts/:thoughtId/reactions 
  a. reactions - post and delete 
  b. change controllers to???

8. BONUS: Remove a user's associated thoughts when deleted - /api/users/:userId/friends/:friendId
  a. POST to add a new friend to a user's friend list
  b. DELETE to remove a friend from a user's friend list

7. When creating a user I get a value of :  "__v" : 0








9. Create seed data for thoughts
  a. What is this???? Where does it come from??? 

5. How could I add response to response 
  a. ex. Responding to a comment on your own post. 
    User A created a post > 
    User B commented on that post > 
    User A responds backs on User B comment. 
  b. ex. Adding reactions 
  c. Could I build another sub document??? And use virtual or 

6. How could I tie a front end to this? 
  a. I need to create eventListeners to run a fetch to api
  b. 